Do you find out something about my parents?
What do you know?
Harrison's the same, isn't he?
Raising another man's child?
But me?
I'm not that generous.
This is private.
They can cross the lines faster.
He's been getting treatment for months.
The child isn't his.
It's not yours.
It's not Lisa.
So?
Harrison is willing to be a good father.
You don't think I would?
How could you?
How could you ever know how to love somebody no one's ever loved you?
Ever know how to love somebody no one's ever loved you?
I knew it.
What's going on with Alice Black?
Tell me the truth.
Just like she said, she's my brother's fiance.
Don't lie to me.
If you do not want this marriage Sebastian, just tell me.
Just remember, if I don't marry you, you can't be CEO of the Winkler Group.
Threateningly, go ahead.
Cancel the wedding.
You should know that I don't like being backed into a corner.
Alright then.
I'll have my father called everything up.
You're squealing.
Alice is everything alright?
You don't look great.
Yeah, fine.
Just probably just tired.
How are you doing?
Better.
You need to take care of yourself.
I'm so excited to be in here.
So weird.
No messages, no notifications, but my phone just keeps lighting up.
I don't know.
Let me see.
I made up my mind.
The baby isn't Harrison's.
I'm going to get rid of it.
It wouldn't be fair to him.
It says I support you no matter what you decide.
Congratulations Alice.
My wedding was Sebastian's off.
I'm sure you're thrilled.
I didn't want that.
I never seduced Sebastian.
I had nothing to do with whatever this rich people circus is.
Bitch, you'll regret this.
One day you'll pay for it.
I didn't even touch you.
I see how it is.
You've liked her all along.
Perfect Sebastian.
A bastard like you deserves a bitch like her.
Don't you ever call her that again?
How dare you?
The doctor said they finished all your tests, but they want to keep you here for observation.
So I'll stay here and watch you.
Why are you always around?
It feels like anytime I turn a corner, you're just there.
What's that supposed to mean?
Are you stalking me?
I drove you to the hospital and I can't even get a thank you.
Once I get rid of this baby, there's nothing left between us.
It's my body.
It's my decision.
Hey, Alice.
What's going on?
Are you okay?
Sebastian, let me make this crystal clear.
All right.
Alice is marrying me.
If you touch her again, I swear to God I'll kill you.
It just as twisted as your mother.
Don't you dare mention my mother.
Harry, let's talk.
Just us.
What is it?
What do you need to tell me?
The baby.
It's Sebastian's.
Before he sent me to be your assistant and Lisa's engagement, I sent Chris to ruin it.
My father wanted you to be with Diana, so Sebastian asked me to seduce you so that
he could be with her.
Terrible things.
Sorry, I...
I'm not who I think I am.
I'm sorry.
Please call off the wedding.
You deserve someone better.
It's okay, all right.
It doesn't matter why you came into my life, okay?
I fall in love with you.
I fall in love with you, all right?
You told me the truth, okay?
So no more secrets.
I'll raise this child like my own.
How could you love someone who hurt you?
Because I know who you really are, Alice.
I found out that Alice hired a private detective to investigate her parents' case.
How far along is she?
She's close to finding out if it's connected to us, but she doesn't have everything.
All right, you plan on to explain yourself to her?
Send you a photo.
Her and the picture was parked near her parents' house at the night of the accident.
This is Sebastian's car.
What brings you here, Alice?
I'm here to find evidence of your crimes.
Well, points for honesty, but you won't find anything.
Sebastian, if you were involved in my parents' death, I swear I'll make you pay.
Even a suspect gets to defend himself, doesn't he?
Fine.
Let's start with an easy one.
Did you bug my phone?
Where's your phone?
I left it in my room.
You coming directly to me tells me I'm not the only one you don't trust.
You must have other suspicions.
Did you know who I was when you sent me to spy on your brother?
Yes.
So you set me up.
You paid me well to do it.
Yes.
Did you count my parents?
I was involved.
Parrison, what are you doing here?
Oh, Emma told me you were here.
I never told Emma where I was going.
Look, yeah.
You forgot your phone again.
Let's try not to forget that next time.
Come on.
Let's go.
So what would you prefer that I do when I was a son?
I located the car.
How does Harrison know, David?
Good thing I came prepared.
I'll try to get some information.
Brando would like not.
Yeah.
David, I've been trying to reach you.
Well, I've been out of town.
But listen, regarding your parents' case, it's too risky to pursue.
There's just too many players involved.
It's not worth it.
What?
No, no.
I found a lead.
I'm ready to go to the police.
What?
No, no, no.
Don't do that.
Let me handle it.
Okay.
I will take care of everything here.
What are you hiding, Harrison?
It's Marl's the big day.
You ready?
You should get some rest.
Okay.
So beautiful.
It's been playing everyone for years.
He's using you.
I'll be back from San Francisco tomorrow.
I know everything.
Wait for me.
Says, where is Harrison?
I just transcoded the latest message.
Listen.
Miss Black, the ceremony is about to begin.
Alice, every day, we're together.
I feel like we get closer, which is so rare.
I mean...
Isn't Lisa's baby yours?
No, of course not.
I've ever found out, almost ruined everything.
You make me so happy.
What are you planning to do about Sebastian?
A car accident.
A lot of look like an accident.
No one will ever know.
Faster move.
And Sebastian won't see it coming.
He'll be gone for good.
I love you, Alice.
Sebastian got an accident.
He's dying.
How is he?
He's not out of the woods yet.
We're moving him to the ICU.
The next 24 hours are critical.
Sebastian dies when he might want to do.
He's having a stroke.
He's getting a doctor.
Wake up, Sebastian.
You don't get to check out.
I need answers.
Not with everything I've done said.
I know about Harrison's plan.
Why did you tell me?
I know I misunderstood you.
Since it's too late.
You want me dead that badly?
You're awake.
I'm so sorry, Alice.
Sorry about what?
Your father.
He helped me with a case.
It upset the wrong people.
They came after your family.
They killed them.
It wasn't.
It was all because of me.
He was buying this.
Sebastian, please.
You think this is the right tie for my
CEO and odd girl speech tomorrow?
Yeah.
That's whatever you want.
I managed to fool everyone.
But you are your really naive.
Pretending to love you has been torture.
Just a little tramp who got knocked up by Sebastian.
You made me, sir.
I don't care.
A little bastard in your belly still needs my money.
You better behave yourself.
Good morning, everyone.
Today, I am honored to take on the role of CEO of Winkler Group.
There are reports that your brother was supposed to fulfill the role.
But he suffered a suspicious car accident.
Do you have any comment?
I'm not answering that.
Next question.
I have a question.
What was your involvement in the Black family's death?
What the hell are you talking about, Alex?
Why are you crazy?
No, I'm Harrison.
I know it was you.
You killed my parents.
You framed Sebastian.
That's nonsense.
That's ridiculous.
Where's your proof?
I'm the proof.
You try to kill me.
Force Dad to sign a will.
But guess what?
We played you.
You don't think I could hear everything when I faked my own stroke.
I heard every single word you and Edward have let me down in every possible way.
I'm glad you're okay.
This is all just a huge misunderstanding.
I would never try to hurt you.
I promise.
I'm your favorite.
I'm your youngest son.
It was Edward.
You know how he is.
It wasn't me.
You're still trying to spin this?
Aren't you wondering where Edward is?
He told us everything.
He gave us all the proof.
It's him.
He's the one who told me to drug the blacks and turn on the gas valve.
He promised me a million dollars and only gave me half.
Motherfucker.
It's you.
You killed my parents.
You pretended to be the nice guy.
You pretended to care, but you're just a liar.
You're worse than a liar.
You're a murderer.
I mean, it's Sebastian what?
You're just shanks now?
I mean, you think you're any better?
You're justice dirty.
You tried to kill your own brother Harrison.
Your own brother.
My brother.
He's serious.
He's not my brother.
All right?
I'm the heir.
I'm the only heir.
Nothing else matters.
What are you doing?
Hey, what are you doing?
Get off of me.
No, get off of me.
I swear to God I'll kill you Sebastian.
I'll kill you.
Can we talk?
Then brother.
Mom.
Dad.
I found him.
I found the man who murdered you.
I was Harrison.
Take care of Emma.
You could finally rest.
Sebastian.
I treated you so terribly.
If I could go back and get to know you for all.
Let's start over.
Forget everything.
Let's meet each other again.
Properly.
This time.
I'm house black.
I'm Sebastian Winkler.
Trust me.